From:	Ries, Rhonda E
Sent:	Wednesday, January 9, 2019 2:00 PM
To:	Smith, Jenny L
Subject:	FW: Pacbio SMRTbell libraries for sequencing
Attachments:	Underwood_IsoSequel.doc; Underwood_IsoSequel_page6.docx; 
Underwood_IsoSequel_page5.docx; Underwood_IsoSequel_page4.docx; 
Underwood_IsoSequel_page3.docx; Underwood_IsoSequel_page2.doc; 
libraries_submitted_to_FHCRC_genomics_core_for_PacBio.xlsx

Here is what Jason submitted to the genomics core (not sure why there are 6 indiv. pages!).  I’ve taken 
the library ids (which are really just the Reg# and .1 or .4 to indicate the size of preps) and made a small 
spreadsheet with their fusions so you have that info.

Let me know if you have any questions,

RR

From: Jason Underwood 
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 5:09 PM 
To: genomics ; Marty, Andy  Meshinchi, Soheil ; Ries, Rhonda E 
Subject: Pacbio SMRTbell libraries for sequencing

Hi Andy,  I’m happy to hear that our samples can go on next week!  Today I completed and QC'ed more 
libraries for the pediatric AML IsoSeq project (for CBF-GLIS samples, Soheil and Rhonda) and I just 
handed those off to the core.  Andy, I placed them in that freezer to the left in a tip box and those 
represent samples 11-12 to add to 1-10 of the prior ones you already have in hand.

Sorry but I could not figure out how to add additional pages to the sequence submission sheet so there 
are 6 separate pages.

Naming explanation:  
I previously gave you 2 sets of 8-strip tubes that are labeled 1-10 on them.  (4 strips in all)   In those 
strips are the same samples 1-10, but a different size fraction of each sample.  (0.4X AMPure cut versus 
1X AMPure cut)  The strip tubes should be marked with whether they are the 1x or 0.4X fractions.    For 
the Hutch sample sheets, I’ve numbered the samples the same way but have added either .1 or a .4 to 
the patient sample name to denote whether I am talking about the 1x or 0.4x fraction.  You’ll also note 
that I have skipped sample 6 on the sheets.  We’d like to skip sequencing that same for now because the 
input RNA was not as high of quality so let’s wait. 

For the new samples. there’s an 8-strip tube in your -20 freezer that has 3 samples in it.  It’s 11.1 and 
12.1 and 12.4.  Unfortunately, the 0.4X fraction for 11 failed but I will get you a replacement sample in a 
couple weeks.  (This amount of seq should keep the Sequel busy for a long time!)

For all of these samples, we would like the v3 chemistry and the 20 hours movies with the preextension 
time of 2 hours to get things into rolling circle.  You can consult with Kristen for more guidance, but in 
the hands of the UW PacBio facility running IsoSeq on v3, these are running pretty well with on-plate 
concentrations of ~8pM.   If possible, I'd like to start running with the normal bone marrow samples 
(NBM: sample 10, both 0.4x and 1x fractions) so that we can get a look at what we are up against with 
isoform complexity in a normal sample.  I’ve requested 2 SMRTcells of each size fraction of this sample, 
while 1 each for the others.  You could perform the sample titration with those with a 6pM and 8pM on 
plate of each or something in that ballpark.   The AML samples were prepped in parallel and have similar 
size distributions, so I feel like if we can nail down loading conc. with the NBM, we should be good to 
go.  Single molecule can do crazy things, so you never know, but that’s a pretty good educated guess. 


Jason



